If you want your wine chilled, but don’t want to dilute the flavor, try sticking some frozen grapes in your glass instead of ice cubes.
Cooking with wine is about to get so much easier. Simply reach into your freezer and defrost just the right amount of wine to make a killer pasta sauce.
Adding a pen spring around your cords will keep the ends from fraying. Just what you need to protect all of those phone and laptop cords!
Running the sticky part of a Post-It note along your keyboard will help remove bits of food, pieces of grime, etc.
Remove excess paint from your brush by placing a rubber band around the open paint can. Just genius!
Make sure you’ve got cell service while you’re house-hunting. You wouldn’t want to move into a place where you couldn’t take calls.
If you’ve ever had a flip-flop pop out of place while you were walking, you’re going to greatly enjoy this simple hack. But, you’ll probably be a little peeved you didn’t think of it sooner.
Believe it or not, dental floss will help you slice through dough with ease, giving you perfectly shaped cinnamon rolls, cookies and more.
Placing a spoon on the top of your lid will help guide you so that you get a perfect line each and every time.
Placing bobby pins in a Tic Tac container means they’re easy to throw in your bag and easy to keep up with. Bobby pins have a way of disappearing, but not with this nifty trick.
Instead of removing the foil from dressing or oil, poke holes in it, instead. That way you’ll never have dressing come rushing out of the bottle too quickly again. Just think of all the caloies you’ll save!
Placing cheerios, trail mix and more in empty coffee creamer bottles allows you to easily pour just the right amount out to keep your toddler entertained (and full). They’re not only great for in-house storage but at the park, in the pocket of your car, or on a boat, as it keeps the snacks from getting smushed.
Aloe vera makes sunburned skin feel so much better already, but imagine if it were cold to boot. That’s the ultimate relief, right there.
Your days of hunting to find the edge of the tape are over if you use this simple trick. It marks the spot, every time.
Adding soda tabs to your hangers will give you even more space to hang things. This is a tiny closet owner’s dream come true!